what's up wrestling fans tonight we
talked about the NXT a dark match a
little bit and a little bit of some
other stuff as well
you're watching the joe cronin show yes
you are welcome welcome to the show slim
and wrestling show joe cronin what's up
how you guys doing tonight how
everybody's doing good it's gonna be a
little quick video I've been really busy
gotta go to work tomorrow so can't go
too crazy you're gonna get some sleep
and you know the dude snows snows coming
again to make my life even worse so but
that's all right things happen things go
down and bad things happen so spectrum
gaming is still down I understand what's
going on but we have no idea what the
deal is Grimm's Toy Show tons of other
people have been shut down so I'm really
confused at this time I want to urge all
you guys to go to joe cronin show calm
tonight okay i'm going to be uploading
bonus video VIP stuff things that you
can't necessarily see on youtube i know
there's about 100 to 300 to you guys
that are hardcore and for you guys who
are interested i think everybody else
really isn't interested they just want
to see youtube videos let's go and
that's it you can get all the bonus
content on Joe Cronin show calm the
music is available that you wanted to
purchase just click on that it's in the
shop section and then of course we now
have this sort of interviews VIP on
demand videos and different stuff check
those out everything is up on the
website and from now on we're going to
put it all up there so that I don't get
up you know so that we don't have
problems like I've had in the past here
so i encourage you to check out Joe
Cronin show com of course Rhino rhino
made a debut back in the WWE get you
okay Rhino made a debut back in the WV
again and NXT and yeah huge pop I
understand now what does this mean for
NXT what does this mean for Rhino does
this mean rhino is back in the WWE does
this mean he's just down there to help
out with NXT like I don't know training
or working with the guys is this them
trying to bring in a veteran to have him
work in NXT without the
without necessarily wanting to bring him
up to the main roster but to have him
down there working with the talent
someone who's still young enough to work
with the talent but very experienced I
think that's why rhinos there I don't
really know what's going on exactly but
that would be my guess as to why rhino
is back why is in the WV and why he's
working in xt I think that's what most
people believe by the way Bret the
Hitman Hart t-shirt 1995 I'm wearing it
right now it's a little faded somehow
it's still here man I can't believe it
after all these years all the other
shirts that have gone away and
evaporated and ripped up and came apart
and gone to hell and all that stuff but
this Bret the Hitman Hart sure it still
stands unbelievable to me and I'm happy
to still have something from that old
even my stone cold steve austin 1998
just regular 316 you know the original
that thing ripped up i think that thing
ripped up in 2003 2002 to rip to shreds
but whatever the hell they made Bret
Hart shirt out of his epic I wore this
thing in a hurricane once all the time
to bed wear it for years make fun of me
if you can if you want to I don't care
but anyway that's why rhinos there I
think it's pretty cool it's a good idea
it's something they needed to do I think
based on you know what's been happening
over at NXT doing really well but you
know you want to have a veteran a solid
veteran who can work with these guys I
think that's why is there I mean I
unless there's something else that's do
I don't understand which the very well
could be there's a lot of things I don't
understand math is one of them including
that but anyway guys thanks for checking
it out thanks for being a part of the
show I'm going to be uploading a whole
hell of a lot more on Joe Cronin show
now because spectrum gaming is is messed
up I or terminated or suspended or I
don't even know what's going on there's
something wrong what YouTube wants to
shut everybody down or there's a glitch
our a massive flagging I don't know
what's going on but the bottom line is
if I ever get taken off a YouTube you
got to know where to find me and that's
on Joe Cronin show calm so make sure
you're on there make sure you're there
make sure you're part of it all the
interviews going up
I'm really pressing really hard now for
interviews for shoots and for uh and for
some better content on the site so
thanks to my buddy dead on Dave he did a
video that I'm uploading a few minutes
as well which you can check out
exclusively over on joe cronin show com
so keep an eye on the website over the
next few hours into tomorrow and i'll
see you later thanks very much for
watching make sure you click the like
button subscribe if you like